ios/Pods/Stripe/README.md, before:

# Stripe iOS SDK
[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/stripe/stripe-ios/master.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/stripe/stripe-ios)
[![CocoaPods](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/Stripe.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/?q=author%3Astripe%20name%3Astripe)
[![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
[![CocoaPods](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/Stripe.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-ios/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![CocoaPods](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/Stripe.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-ios#)

The Stripe iOS SDK make it easy to collect your users' credit card details inside your iOS app. By creating [tokens](https://stripe.com/docs/api#tokens), Stripe handles the bulk of PCI compliance by preventing sensitive card data from hitting your server (for more, see [our article about PCI compliance](https://support.stripe.com/questions/do-i-need-to-be-pci-compliant-what-do-i-have-to-do)).

We also offer [seamless integration](https://stripe.com/apple-pay) with [Apple Pay](https://www.apple.com/apple-pay/) that will allow you to securely collect payments from your customers in a way that prevents them from having to re-enter their credit card information.

## Requirements
Our SDK is compatible with iOS apps supporting iOS 8.0 and above. It requires Xcode 8.0+ to build the source.

If you need iOS 7 or Xcode 7 compatibility, the last supported SDK release is version 8.0.7.

## Integration

We've written a [guide](https://stripe.com/docs/mobile/ios) that explains everything from installation, to creating payment tokens, to Apple Pay integration and more.

For more fine-grained information on all of the classes and methods in our SDK, consult our [full SDK reference](http://stripe.github.io/stripe-ios/docs/index.html).

## Example apps

There are 2 example apps included in the repository:
- Stripe iOS Example (Simple) shows a Swift integration using our prebuilt UI components.
- Stripe iOS Example (Custom) demonstrates 2 different ways of collecting your user's payment details: via Apple Pay, and STPPaymentCardTextField, a native credit card UI form component we provide. It, too, uses a small example backend to make charges.

To build and run the example apps, open `Stripe.xcworkspace` and choose the appropriate scheme.

### Getting started with the iOS example apps

Note: all the example apps require Xcode 8.0 to build and run.

Before you can run the apps, you need to provide them with your Stripe publishable key.

1. If you haven't already, sign up for a [Stripe account](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register) (it takes seconds). Then go to https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/apikeys.
2. Replace the `stripePublishableKey` constant in CheckoutViewController.swift (for the Simple app) or Constants.m (for the Custom app) with your Test Publishable Key.
3. Head to https://github.com/stripe/example-ios-backend and click "Deploy to Heroku" (you may have to sign up for a Heroku account as part of this process). Provide your Stripe test secret key for the STRIPE_TEST_SECRET_KEY field under 'Env'. Click "Deploy for Free".
4. Replace the `backendChargeURLString` variable in the example iOS app with the app URL Heroku provides you with (e.g. "https://my-example-app.herokuapp.com")

After this is done, you can make test payments through the app (use credit card number 4242 4242 4242 4242, along with any cvc and any future expiration date) and then view them in your Stripe Dashboard!

## Running the tests

1. Open Stripe.xcworkspace
1. Choose the "iOS Tests" or "OS X Tests" scheme
1. Run Product -> Test

## Migrating from older versions

See `MIGRATING.md`

Commit message:

Upgrade to React Native 0.50.
- Add app.json for eject command.
- Add unique index.js entrypoint.
- Upgrade dependencies.
- Update dotfiles.
- Refactor to use React Navigation.

ios/Pods/Stripe/README.md, after:

# Stripe iOS SDK
[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/stripe/stripe-ios/master.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/stripe/stripe-ios)
[![CocoaPods](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/Stripe.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/?q=author%3Astripe%20name%3Astripe)
[![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
[![CocoaPods](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/Stripe.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-ios/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![CocoaPods](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/Stripe.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-ios#)

The Stripe iOS SDK make it easy to collect your users' credit card details inside your iOS app. By creating [tokens](https://stripe.com/docs/api#tokens), Stripe handles the bulk of PCI compliance by preventing sensitive card data from hitting your server (for more, see [our article about PCI compliance](https://support.stripe.com/questions/do-i-need-to-be-pci-compliant-what-do-i-have-to-do)).

We also offer [seamless integration](https://stripe.com/apple-pay) with [Apple Pay](https://www.apple.com/apple-pay/) that will allow you to securely collect payments from your customers in a way that prevents them from having to re-enter their credit card information.

## Requirements
Our SDK is compatible with iOS apps supporting iOS 8.0 and above. It requires Xcode 8.0+ to build the source.

If you need iOS 7 or Xcode 7 compatibility, the last supported SDK release is version 8.0.7.

## Integration

We've written a [guide](https://stripe.com/docs/mobile/ios) that explains everything from installation, to creating payment tokens, to Apple Pay integration and more.

For more fine-grained information on all of the classes and methods in our SDK, consult our [full SDK reference](http://stripe.github.io/stripe-ios/docs/index.html).

## Example apps

There are 2 example apps included in the repository:
- Stripe iOS Example (Simple) shows an integration using our prebuilt UI components [Swift]
- Stripe iOS Example (Custom) shows how to use our low-level methods to accept payments using several different payment methods [Objective-C].

To build and run the example apps, open `Stripe.xcworkspace` and choose the appropriate scheme.

### Getting started with the iOS example apps

Note: all the example apps require Xcode 8.0 to build and run.

Before you can run the apps, you need to provide them with your Stripe publishable key.

1. If you haven't already, sign up for a [Stripe account](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register) (it takes seconds). Then go to https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/apikeys.
2. Replace the `stripePublishableKey` constant in CheckoutViewController.swift (for the Simple app) or Constants.m (for the Custom app) with your Test Publishable Key.
3. Head to https://github.com/stripe/example-ios-backend and click "Deploy to Heroku" (you may have to sign up for a Heroku account as part of this process). Provide your Stripe test secret key for the STRIPE_TEST_SECRET_KEY field under 'Env'. Click "Deploy for Free".
4. Replace the `backendBaseURL` variable in the example iOS app with the app URL Heroku provides you with (e.g. "https://my-example-app.herokuapp.com")

After this is done, you can make test payments through the app and see them in your Stripe dashboard. Head to https://stripe.com/docs/testing#cards for a list of test card numbers.

## Running the tests

1. Install Carthage (if you have homebrew installed, `brew install carthage`)
2. From the root of the repo, install test dependencies by running `carthage bootstrap --platform ios --configuration Release --no-use-binaries`
3. Open Stripe.xcworkspace
4. Choose the "StripeiOS" scheme with the iPhone 6, iOS 10.1 simulator (required for snapshot tests to pass)
5. Run Product -> Test

## Migrating from older versions

See `MIGRATING.md`
